Generalize cspr.live references (#207)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/workflow/signer-guide.md

1. On the CSPR home page, click the option in the top-right corner of the screen that displays a few digits of your public key. A menu with your public key is displayed.
2. To view your account details for the displayed public key, click **View Account**.

## 7. Accessing the CSPR Wallet from a Block Explorer

Once you are logged in to the Casper Signer, you can access the wallet for each account registered in the Signer. For more information on how to log in to the Signer, see [Logging in to the Casper Signer](signer-guide#12-logging-in-to-the-casper-signer).

Alternatively, you can follow these steps to log in to your Signer/CSPR wallet:

> 1. Navigate to the [cspr.live](https://cspr.live/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to [cspr.live](https://cspr.live/), using Chrome or a Chromium-based browser like Brave.
```
